Tiny creatures
Peppa and George are helping
Grandpa Pig pick vegetables.
Peppa, here is a lettuce.
Thank you, Grandpa.
Oh, what's that? Whaa!
There's a
horrible monster on it!
Mon-sta!
That's not a monster.
It's just a Little snail.
Oh! Where has he gone?
He's hiding in his shell.
Is that where he lives?
Yes, it's his house.
Look,
he's coming out again.
Hello, Mr. Snail.
Grandpa, does Mr. Snail
have a bed in his house?
No, Peppa.
If I were a snail,
I'd have a bed and a table
and a chair
and a fridge and a television...
Grandpa, what do snails eat?
Well!
Mostly they eat my vegetables!
Hey,
stop that you cheeky rascal!
Grandpa! George and I want to
play cheeky snails.
These baskets
can be yourshells.
There, now you look like
two cheeky snails.
And I am going to eat up
all Grandpa Pig's lettuce.
Oy!
Keep off my lovely lettuce,
you cheeky snails.
And when
Grandpa Pig shouts at me
I'll hide in my Little house.
All of Peppa's friends are here.
Hello, Grandpa Pig.
Hello, Suzy,
have you come to play
with Peppa and George?
Yes.
I don't know where they are.
It's just me and
these two snails here.
We are cheeky snails.
Surprise!
We were pretending to be snails!
Can we be snails, too?
I don't think I have
enough baskets for you all.
Oooh.
You could be
something else though.
Something exciting
from the garden.
A Carrot?
Rebecca Rabbit likes carrots.
No, Rebecca, not carrots.
Come over here.
What's that buzzing sound?
It's coming
from that Little house.
Grandpa,
why is that doll's house
making a funny buzzing noise?
That's not a doll's house,
Peppa.
It's a bee's house.
It's called a hive.
Ooooh.
Look, here's one now.
What's she doing?
She's collecting
nectar from the flower
and then she flies back to
the hive to make it into honey.
Hmmm, I like honey.
Let's pretend to be bees.
Buzz, buzz, buzz.
Yes, let's be bees.
Buzz, buzz, buzz...
My! What busy bees!
Yes, we're busy bees. Buzz!
Now, we must fly back to
our hive to make honey.
Buzz, buzz...
Goodness me!
What do we have here?
Granny! We're busy bees. Buzzz.
Ah! Would you busy
bees like some toast?
Yes, please!
And what would you
like on your toast?
Honey!
That's lucky,
because that's what I've made:
Toast and honey!
Horray!
I like being a bee because
they eat lots of lovely honey.
I like being a snail because
they eat all Grandpa's lettuce.
Oy! You cheeky rascal!